hey how's it gone Dave to D here let's
talk about ultrabooks those thin and
light laptops that are built for
productivity and there's a lot of really
good options to choose from in early
2018 we're looking at like XPS 13 razor
blade stealth HP Envy the x1 from Lenovo
all of them with 8th gen CPUs great
devices but they're all light but not
super light and these two are the
superlight laptops that I would
recommend for most people so these are
the LG Graham devices the 13 inch and
the 15 inch and we'll make some special
is how incredibly light they are so this
thing comes in at 2 pounds most of the
devices that I mentioned earlier are
pushing three pounds maybe them a little
bit more than that this is 2 pounds and
I mean when you're looking for a
portable device but one pound reduction
in weight is massive and these things
are just so comfortable to hold so when
you make something this thin in this
light you're gonna have some compromises
you can't have something of this weight
and expect to be able to treat it poorly
it is built well much better built than
the original 14-inch LG Graham but it's
still something to take care of I would
get a sleeve or something to protect it
the magnesium alloy is strong but you
can't beat physics all right let's talk
about the things that I do like about it
first the screen this is a 1080p
touchscreen it needs a little bit of
calibration to be accurate but it has
great color gamut and it gets reasonably
bright the backlit keyboard and the
trackpad are both good now I wouldn't
consider them to be best in class or
anything but I'm very happy using them
the 8th gen CPU on both these devices
are nice now these are a nice step up
from the previous generation when it
comes to multi-core performance but to
be fair the improved performance isn't
something most ultrabook users will be
able to notice you do need particular
apps to show that off properly it is an
8th gen CPU so you do get better battery
life as well speaking of better leaf
these both have 60 watt hour batteries
and the software in here can be set
pretty aggressively so you're like
sipping at the battery and you can get
like 15 hours or something ridiculous
but for regular use 250 nuts on the
screen I'm getting around 8 and a half
hours on the 13 inch version around
seven and a half hours on the 15 inch
version it's a little bit less because
there's just a bigger screen more stuff
to light up okay I want to talk about
the 15 inch device for a second and I
think this is a pretty unique product a
lot of 15-inch laptops have
fifteen inch screens with 45 watt HQ
processors and I get it a lot of people
that want that bigger screen also want a
faster processor more powerful processor
but some people don't want that some
people just want a bigger screen and
they just don't need the extra
processing power that every other
company is stuffing down their throats
this thing is still running a 15 watt
new processor and almost everything
remains the same it is a little more
roomy and there's a number pad on the
keyboard but it's a thin and light 15
inch laptop which is rare okay let's
talk about some things like don't love
about it first and the big one for me is
the webcam it's located in the hinge so
when you use it it kind of looks up your
nose and then the speaker's don't sound
great they're pretty mediocre and the
last thing is a charging port so they
include a barrel plug as the AC adapter
I really wish they'd include a USB C
charger because it can take it but you
need to go and buy her own USB C charger
which is unfortunate
so both the 13 and the 15-inch LG gram
are just great options for people
looking for something really portable
and just an all-around great laptop this
one in particular the 13-inch one I
think is actually on sale on Amazon
right now for 800 bucks not sorry not
the 8th gen one but the previous
generation the seventh gen which is very
similar in performance and everything
else across the board that's a steal 800
bucks I don't know if it's like a Black
Friday thing or like a holiday special
but that's a really good price for
something that originally launched like
11 1200 bucks I'll leave a link for all
this stuff below you know what there's
one other thing when I talk about if
you're interested in portable stuff
everyone knows this mouse right the MX
master series it's smaller sibling is
not as well known
I feel like this thing is actually a
better Mouse than the big one for a lot
of people one it's just a smaller fit
the MX master is a really large Mouse
and I think a lot of people that have
seen it are intimidated by it
and it's just not a great travel Mouse
this thing is half the size a little bit
cheaper same sensor same super long
battery really like this thing this is
the MX anywhere 2 s ok hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs we liked it
subs of you loved it see you guys next
time